docs/moderation: document moderation section (#15)
botlabs-gg/yagpdb-docs-v2: content/moderation/verification.md

+++
title = 'Verification'
weight = 5
+++

> Use Google reCAPTCHA v2 to verify your members before permitting them access to your server. Also track IPs of verifying
> users for alt detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Google reCAPTCHA v2 to verify your members before permitting them access to your server. Self-hosters may optionally track IPs of verifying
users for alt detection, though this feature is unavailable on the official instance of YAGPDB.
```

Reviewer 2: Imo a bit specific for a summary

Reviewer: Yeah, true. My main objection is that claiming "track IPs of verifying users for alt detection" without further context is misleading, since this functionality is not, in fact, available on the primary instance. Perhaps this sentence should be removed entirely?

Reviewer 3: "IPs" -> "IP addresses"

Verification page on the control panel.

## Logs

You may optionally configure a channel to send verification logs to. This is done on the Verification page in the
control panel.

Logged events are:

- New user joined, verification DM sent.
- New user verified.
- New user kicked after being unverified for X minutes (as [configured](#kick-after-unverified)).
- New user verified, [alt accounts](#alt-detection) detected.
- New user banned, detected as [alt account](#alt-detection) of banned user.

## Alt Detection

{{% notice info %}}

Alt Detection is currently disabled on the official instance of YAGPDB hosted by Botlabs. These features will not
function on the official bot.

{{% /notice %}}

By default, upon successful verification YAGPDB will check the user's IP (as captured by the verification page) against
other users who have verified using YAGPDB.

### Alt Banning

When a user is banned for any reason (including bans made outside the bot), YAGPDB will automatically ban any alt
accounts detected for that user.

If a new user verifies who shares an IP with a previously banned user, they will be banned as well.

### Alt Reporting

> If a new user who verifies is detected as an alt, but none of their associated accounts have been banned, YAGPDB will
> send a log to the verification log channel if specified, identifying the new user as an alt and listing other users who
> verified at the same IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a new user who verifies is detected as an alt but none of their associated accounts have been banned, YAGPDB will
send a log to the verification log channel if specified, identifying the new user as an alt and listing other users who
verified at the same IP.
```

Reviewer 2: 🤓

Reviewer 3: "at the same IP" -> "from the same IP address"
